Changelogs for Digital Twin Manager Microservice 1024.1.1 (#4304)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1024-1-1-fixed-an-issue-causing-slow-performance-when-querying-an-asset-and-its-children-ctm-2706-2702.md

---
date: ""

> title: "Fixed an issue causing slow performance when querying an Asset and its children."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Improved performance when querying an asset and its children"
```

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-VSkj2iV9m"
      label: "Fix"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-2706"
version: "1024.1.1"
---

> Optimized the query logic for retrieving an Asset and its children,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The query logic for retrieving an asset and its children has been optimized,
```
